DATA WRANGLING
#Read the data
Get data types and dimensions
Get data columns
Get first 5 rows
Get last 5 rows

Show descriptive statistics
Show informative statistics 


CLEANING
Remove nulls / replace with appropriate value
Drop unecessary columns
Change data types to appropriate data types



INVESTIGATE
What is the most popular movie in the data set?
#What is the relationship between a mmovie's budget and it's popularity?
Which movies had the highest & lowest production budget?
Which movies had the highest and lowest post-release revenue?
#What is the relationship between a movie's budget and it's revenue?
How many movies were directed per director?
What is the relationship between a director and production company partnership with movie budget?
What is the relationship between a director and production company partnership with movie revenue?
What is the relationship between a director and production company partnership with movie popularity?
What is the relationship between directors and movie popularity?
What is the relationship between directors and movie budgets?
What is the relationship between directors and movie revenue?
Which genres are the most expensive & least expensive to produce?
What are the 2 most popular & least popular genres?
How many production companies are there in the data set?
Which production company spends on movie production?
Which the oldest & latest movie in the data set?
How many movies were released before 2000?
How many movies were released per year?
How many movies were released per genre per year?
How many (and which) movies run for more than 2 hours?
What is the correlation between movie length and popularity?
What is the relationship between movie length and budget?
List all movies in a particular genre X.
Which movies are not appropriate for children?
What is the relationship between average vote and movie popularity?
How did movies released in the first quarter of the year perform revenue-wise compared to those released in the last quarter of the year?
What is the best month for releasing a movie?
How does the number of actors influence the movie's budget?
Who are the most popular actors?
Did the vote count increase or reduce over the years?